CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?
Specific couting Word in a Text file.

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?
I am writing a lot to improve my English and learn new words because I am in preparation for an English exam and I want a good grade on it.
So it will be helpful to know how many times I use a certain word, then I can change it to another specific word and not repeat it so often, which will help me to learn and use new English words. 
This program will read a text file and count how often each word occurs in the file. 

3. What will you learn from developing this program?
I will learn to use collections to get certain words from a text document and count the number of their occurrences.

4. What Python modules will your program use?
I will use pytest, collections and maybe something else. I am not sure because, I did not finish the program yet. 

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

5. Will you separate your Python program into functions that each
perform a single task?
Yes, I will do it.

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

6. Will you write test functions to test at least two of your program
functions?
Yes, I will do it.
